Privacy Policy 

This document governs how Yasme ("we", "us", "our" etc.) handles our users ("you", "your" etc.) data in the Yasme app itself, and on our servers ("Yasme service", "Service").  

Our Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Yasme Terms of Use, so please read both documents carefully. Your use of Yasme indicates your consent to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. If you do not want to be bound by these agreements, you shall not use our Service at any time.  

We work hard to protect your privacy and security to the extent possible. We have employed proven encryption technology for the Service. Your communications are fully end to end encrypted and we do not hold the keys, therefore, from a technological standpoint we have no ability to view any of your messages stored on our servers. However, if you use the Service for illegal activities (or if you are suspected of participating in illegal activities) there is a chance that law enforcement officials may come to us with a subpoena, and we will meet our obligations as required by applicable laws to disclose any encrypted information of yours that we may have in our possession.  


How the Information is used
We do not sell your information or use it for marketing purposes. We do not sell any information about the use of our Service. Yasme is here to provide you with encrypted communications not to monetize your information. We never collect any location information or have access to the contents of the communications you send using the App.


What Information we collect during the registration process
- Your Yasme username. This is how you allow others to contact you via Yasme. It does not have to be your real name or provide any reference to your identity.  

- Your E-Mail address. This is your unique identifier and necessary to change your username or your password. We do not give your E-Mail address to others, and no other user has access to it. 

- Your password. We will double-hash your password to ensure that no one has access to your account without the correct password. 


We will also collect and store anonymous usage statistics of our server to create statistics.


COPPA
In order to comply with the COPPA, Yasme does not allow users age 13 and under to register or to use the App without an adults' permission. Currently it is not possible to delete any information on your own, but on request we can delete user data. 
We contact our users only with popup messages to provide them information about software updates. 


Update
Our Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, and all updates will be posted on this page. Your continued use of the Yasme App constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy.



license of this document: Creative Commons CC-BY-SA, v3.0 
adapted from: surespot, https://surespot.me/documents/surespot_privacy_policy.html 
date: 03.09.2014 
